docs: v0.12.0 changelog (#1059)
filecoin-project/lily: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html). Breaking changes should trigger an increment to the major version. Features increment the minor version and fixes or other changes increment the patch number.

<a name="v0.12.0"></a>
## [v0.12.0] - 2022-09-07

## DATABASE MIGRATION

> This release includes a migration which must be applied before deploying against an existing database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes migration v1.9 which must be applied before deploying against an existing database. [This migration](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lily/pull/1048):

* adds table `surveyed_miner_protocols` to support new task `survey minerprotocols`
```
